docs: Module 3 Messages and Modules (B9lab updates 2-1) (#800)
cosmos/sdk-tutorials: b9lab-content/3-main-concepts/02-architecture.md

Namely, you have 64 cells, out of which only 32 are being used. Each cell has either nothing, a black pawn, a black king, a red pawn, or a red king. Those are five possibilities, which can easily fit in a byte. So you need 32 bytes to describe the board. Since the first bit of a byte is never used when counting to five, perhaps you can use the very first bit to indicate whose turn it is to play.

So here you go, you have a deterministic blockchain state, which is collision-resistant since the same value indicates an identical state, no external database to handle, and a full state always stored in the block header.

### Closing remarks

You have waved your hands as to how you would create a state machine for the checkers game. You surely have already spotted a good number of shortcomings regarding your game blockchain. Let's see:

* Anyone, including the opponent, can post an anonymous transaction and play, instead of the intended player. This makes it impossible to know who did what. You need to find a way to **identify the right player**. This will be addressed when we look at [Cosmos SDK's accounts and signatures](./04-accounts.md).

> * Instead of a single game, you would prefer **multiple games** running in parallel, all in a store with an elaborate data model. You need a well-defined store. This will be solved when you look at [Cosmos SDK's key store](linktosection).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Instead of a single game, you would prefer **multiple games** running in parallel, all in a store with an elaborate data model. You need a well-defined store. This will be solved when you look at [Cosmos SDK's key store](./10-multistore-keepers).
```
@CitMC

* It would be good if you had an elegant way to serialize your data objects of interest and your transactions. For this, see the [Protobuf section](./09-protobuf.md).

> * You want to penalize spam and bad transactions, and also to be able to play for money. See [Cosmos SDK's tokens](linktosection).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You want to penalize spam and bad transactions, and also to be able to play for money. See [Cosmos SDK's tokens](./08-modules).
```
@CitMC
